README.md, before:

![MongoDB](.github/social-card.png)

# Interface MongoDB

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-beta-orange.svg)](https://github.com/antelopejs/antelope)

A direct interface to MongoDB client functionality. Interface MongoDB provides access to the underlying MongoDB client instance, allowing advanced operations using the raw MongoDB driver with full TypeScript support.

## Installation

```bash
ajs module imports add mongodb@beta
```

## Documentation

Detailed documentation is available in the `docs` directory:

- [Index](./docs/index.md) - Core functionality and usage examples

## Current Status

This is the development version (`beta`) of the Interface MongoDB. It is currently in pre-release stage and may undergo changes before the final release. The interface is not considered stable for production use without understanding that breaking changes may occur.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: clarify current version status

README.md, after:

![MongoDB](.github/social-card.png)

# Interface MongoDB

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-beta-orange.svg)](https://github.com/antelopejs/antelope)

A direct interface to MongoDB client functionality. Interface MongoDB provides access to the underlying MongoDB client instance, allowing advanced operations using the raw MongoDB driver with full TypeScript support.

## Installation

```bash
ajs module imports add mongodb@beta
```

## Documentation

Detailed documentation is available in the `docs` directory:

- [Index](./docs/index.md) - Core functionality and usage examples

## Current Status

This is the development version (`beta`) of the Interface MongoDB. It is currently in pre-release stage and may undergo changes before the final release. The interface is not considered stable for production use without understanding that breaking changes may occur.

## Versions

| Version | Link                                                                                          | Status                                        |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| beta    | [mongodb@beta](https://github.com/AntelopeJS/mongodb/tree/main/.antelope/output/mongodb/beta) | Waiting validation from community to go in v1 |
| 1       | _Not yet released_                                                                            | Planned stable release                        |

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
